the grape festival is the most traditional
party of the town of Louveira
the celebration which is the celebration of the
agriculture family comes to prove our
Grape know the beautiful landscapes the
typical foods and hospitable people of
Louveira
the party of the sappy grape had its
first edition in 1956 in our party
We have a lot of fun and culture. We have
back food presentations
typical exhibition and sale of fruits
live theater
among many other actions
It's fun for the whole family.
party has history tradition this year
we will celebrate the feast with the theme
vine a land of many nations
Let's tell the story of people who
made this city
your kiss
a dream of a better life the new
horizon
another hope came true and the
reality services and joys at the hands
hard work and what made our people
get where we are and that progress only
is possible for the two young women
that united
help this city to prosper we are
keep them several friend events from the
talent and the work of many
in a continental country
Brazil and is a state with people called
from Sao Paulo
these people who settled here
make your people strong and have their
roots
the genius of many
those who made our city their
City
and these people will be represented
theme of our grape party of 2014
land of the vine land of many nations
We are waiting for you and your family.
the 47th grape festival and the fourth
of life
the Portuguese